Update commerce extensions guide (#277)
elasticpath/elasticpath-dev: changelog/2024/2024-09-16-changelog.md

---
title: 'Added case-insensitive string uniqueness in Commerce Extensions'
date: '2024-09-16'
tags: ['Commerce Extensions']
hide_blog_post_date: false
---

> **MINOR** Prior we had introduced the ability to model data with uniqueness constraints for string fields in Commerce Extensions, this can be further enhanced to be case-insensitive, that is, to take different cases into account for conflicts. For more information, see [Custom Fields](/docs/api/commerce-extensions/custom-fields#string-validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MINOR** Previously, we had introduced the ability to model data with uniqueness constraints for string fields in Commerce Extensions. This feature can be further enhanced to be case-insensitive, that is, to take different cases into account for conflicts. For more information, see [Custom Fields](/docs/api/commerce-extensions/custom-fields#string-validation).
```
